README.md, before:

[![dependencies Status](https://david-dm.org/barthachijuu/FeReactArk/status.svg)](https://david-dm.org/barthachijuu/FeReactArk)  [![devDependencies Status](https://david-dm.org/barthachijuu/FeReactArk/dev-status.svg)](https://david-dm.org/barthachijuu/FeReactArk?type=dev)  [![Build status](https://ci.appveyor.com/api/projects/status/vdlu7geteqc3p887?svg=true)](https://ci.appveyor.com/project/barthachijuu/fereactark)
[![All Contributors](https://img.shields.io/badge/all_contributors-2-orange.svg?style=flat-square)](#contributors)
 [![HitCount](http://hits.dwyl.io/barthachijuu/FeReactArk.svg)](http://hits.dwyl.io/barthachijuu/FeReactArk)
 [![License: MIT](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-yellow.svg)](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)
[![GitHub tag (latest SemVer)](https://img.shields.io/github/tag/barthachijuu/FeReactArk.svg)](https://github.com/barthachijuu/FeReactArk/tags/)
# FeReactArk

<div align="center"><strong>Start your new react project quickly and easily</strong></div>
<div align="center">A very scalable architecture, with the best new front-end technologies, all on a configurable, feature-rich and a focus on performance and best practices</div>

---

<div align="center"><strong>React FE Architecture contains:</strong></div>
<br />
<div align="center">
<img src="./repo_readme_assets/react.png" height="55">&nbsp;&nbsp;
<img src="./repo_readme_assets/redux.png" height="55">&nbsp;&nbsp;
<img src="./repo_readme_assets/router.png" height="55">&nbsp;&nbsp;
<img src="./repo_readme_assets/cssinjs.png" height="55">&nbsp;&nbsp;
<img src="./repo_readme_assets/logo-npm.png" height="55">&nbsp;&nbsp;
<img src="./repo_readme_assets/yarn.png" height="55">&nbsp;&nbsp;
<img src="./repo_readme_assets/logo-es6.png" height="55">&nbsp;&nbsp;
<img src="./repo_readme_assets/logo-node.png" height="55">&nbsp;&nbsp;
<img src="./repo_readme_assets/logo-webpack.png" height="55">&nbsp;&nbsp;
<img src="./repo_readme_assets/jest.png" height="55">&nbsp;&nbsp;
</div>

---

## Browsers Support

| <img src="./repo_readme_assets/browsers/browser-ie.svg" height="35"> | <img src="./repo_readme_assets/browsers/browser-firefox.svg" height="35"> | <img src="./repo_readme_assets/browsers/browser-chrome.svg" height="35"> | <img src="./repo_readme_assets/browsers/browser-safari.svg" height="35"> | <img src="./repo_readme_assets/browsers/browser-opera.svg" height="35"> |
| ------------------------------------------------------------ | ------------------------------------------------------------ | ------------------------------------------------------------ | ------------------------------------------------------------ | ------------------------------------------------------------ |
| Edge+                                                        | latest                                                       | latest                                                       | latest                                                       | latest                                                       |

---

## Features

### Easily scaffolding

Create api, components, containers, routes, action, sagas and mock - and jest tests - right from the CLI!

### Instant feedback

With the HMR, all the JS/CSS/HTML changes are reflected instantaneously without refreshing the page. Preserve application state even when you update something in the underlying code!

### Next generation JavaScript

With the ES6 syntax, you can use template strings, object destructuring, arrow functions, JSX syntax and more.

### Next generation CSS

Write composable CSS that's co-located with your components for complete modularity. Unique generated class names keep the specificity low while eliminating style clashes. Ship only the styles that are on the page for the best performance.

### Standard routing creation

It's natural to want to add pages (e.g. `/contact`) to your application, and routing makes this possible.

### Static code analysis

Focus on writing new features without worrying about formatting or code quality. With the right editor setup, your code will automatically be formatted and linted as you work.

---

But don't read too fast... there's more!

- The best test setup: Automatically generation the jest scaffolding test for our component, to have the best code quality and non-breaking changes.
- The fastest fonts: Say goodbye to vacant text.
- Stay fast: Profile your app's performance from the comfort of your command line!
- Catch problems: AppVeyor setup included by default, so your tests get run automatically on Windows and Unix.

- [Node](http://nodejs.org/download/) (version >= 10.0.x)
- [Yarn](https://yarnpkg.com/en/docs/install) (version >= 1.19.x)

### Getting Started

---

Make sure you have Node 10.0.0 or above and Yarn 1.19.0 or above installed.

1. Clone the repo using `git clone git@github.com:barthachijuu/FeReactArk.git`
2. Move to the appropriate directory `cd FeReactArk`
3. Install dependencies and check to see it works. It is recommended that you use [Yarn](https://yarnpkg.com/) for deterministic installs, but `npm install` will work just as well `yarn setup --project=projectName`
4. At this point, you can launch `yarn start` and navigate on `http://localhost:4200` to see the project started

Now you're ready to enjoy with your new project

> Please note that this boilerplate is **not meant for beginners**! If you're just starting out with react or redux, please refer to <https://github.com/petehunt/react-howto> instead. If you want a solid, battle-tested base to build your next product upon and have some experience with react, this is the perfect start for you.

### Documentation

---
We are working hard to create an easy to understand docs

## Contributors ✨

Thanks goes to these wonderful people ([emoji key](https://allcontributors.org/docs/en/emoji-key)):

<!-- ALL-CONTRIBUTORS-LIST:START - Do not remove or modify this section -->
<!-- prettier-ignore -->
<table><tr><td align="center"><a href="http://about.me/bartolo_amico"><img src="https://avatars3.githubusercontent.com/u/1281894?v=4" width="100px;" alt="Bartolo Amico"/><br /><sub><b>Bartolo Amico</b></sub></a><br /><a href="https://github.com/barthachijuu/FeReactArk/commits?author=barthachijuu" title="Code">💻</a> <a href="#content-barthachijuu" title="Content">🖋</a> <a href="https://github.com/barthachijuu/FeReactArk/commits?author=barthachijuu" title="Documentation">📖</a> <a href="#ideas-barthachijuu" title="Ideas, Planning, & Feedback">🤔</a> <a href="#infra-barthachijuu" title="Infrastructure (Hosting, Build-Tools, etc)">🚇</a> <a href="#maintenance-barthachijuu" title="Maintenance">🚧</a> <a href="#plugin-barthachijuu" title="Plugin/utility libraries">🔌</a> <a href="#projectManagement-barthachijuu" title="Project Management">📆</a></td><td align="center"><a href="https://github.com/gbonumore"><img src="https://avatars2.githubusercontent.com/u/34310821?v=4" width="100px;" alt="gbonumore"/><br /><sub><b>gbonumore</b></sub></a><br /><a href="https://github.com/barthachijuu/FeReactArk/commits?author=gbonumore" title="Code">💻</a> <a href="#content-gbonumore" title="Content">🖋</a> <a href="#design-gbonumore" title="Design">🎨</a> <a href="https://github.com/barthachijuu/FeReactArk/commits?author=gbonumore" title="Documentation">📖</a></td></tr></table>

<!-- ALL-CONTRIBUTORS-LIST:END -->

This project follows the [all-contributors](https://github.com/all-contributors/all-contributors) specification. Contributions of any kind welcome!

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT license, Copyright (©) 2019 Bartolomeo Amico. For more information see `LICENSE.md`

Commit message:

Docs and little fix
Update the documentations and fix generator templates

README.md, after:

[![dependencies Status](https://david-dm.org/barthachijuu/FeReactArk/status.svg)](https://david-dm.org/barthachijuu/FeReactArk)  [![devDependencies Status](https://david-dm.org/barthachijuu/FeReactArk/dev-status.svg)](https://david-dm.org/barthachijuu/FeReactArk?type=dev)  [![Build status](https://ci.appveyor.com/api/projects/status/vdlu7geteqc3p887?svg=true)](https://ci.appveyor.com/project/barthachijuu/fereactark)
[![All Contributors](https://img.shields.io/badge/all_contributors-2-orange.svg?style=flat-square)](#contributors)
 [![HitCount](http://hits.dwyl.io/barthachijuu/FeReactArk.svg)](http://hits.dwyl.io/barthachijuu/FeReactArk)
 [![License: MIT](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-yellow.svg)](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)
[![GitHub tag (latest SemVer)](https://img.shields.io/github/tag/barthachijuu/FeReactArk.svg)](https://github.com/barthachijuu/FeReactArk/tags/)
# FeReactArk

<div align="center"><strong>Start your new react project quickly and easily</strong></div>
<div align="center">A very scalable architecture, with the best new front-end technologies, all on a configurable, feature-rich and a focus on performance and best practices</div>

---

<div align="center"><strong>React FE Architecture contains:</strong></div>
<br />
<div align="center">
<img src="./repo_readme_assets/react.png" height="55">&nbsp;&nbsp;
<img src="./repo_readme_assets/redux.png" height="55">&nbsp;&nbsp;
<img src="./repo_readme_assets/router.png" height="55">&nbsp;&nbsp;
<img src="./repo_readme_assets/cssinjs.png" height="55">&nbsp;&nbsp;
<img src="./repo_readme_assets/logo-npm.png" height="55">&nbsp;&nbsp;
<img src="./repo_readme_assets/yarn.png" height="55">&nbsp;&nbsp;
<img src="./repo_readme_assets/logo-es6.png" height="55">&nbsp;&nbsp;
<img src="./repo_readme_assets/logo-node.png" height="55">&nbsp;&nbsp;
<img src="./repo_readme_assets/logo-webpack.png" height="55">&nbsp;&nbsp;
<img src="./repo_readme_assets/jest.png" height="55">&nbsp;&nbsp;
</div>

---

## Browsers Support

| <img src="./repo_readme_assets/browsers/browser-ie.svg" height="35"> | <img src="./repo_readme_assets/browsers/browser-firefox.svg" height="35"> | <img src="./repo_readme_assets/browsers/browser-chrome.svg" height="35"> | <img src="./repo_readme_assets/browsers/browser-safari.svg" height="35"> | <img src="./repo_readme_assets/browsers/browser-opera.svg" height="35"> |
| ------------------------------------------------------------ | ------------------------------------------------------------ | ------------------------------------------------------------ | ------------------------------------------------------------ | ------------------------------------------------------------ |
| Edge+                                                        | latest                                                       | latest                                                       | latest                                                       | latest                                                       |

---

## 💡 Features

### Easily scaffolding

Create api, components, containers, routes, action, sagas and mock - and jest tests - right from the CLI!

### Instant feedback

With the HMR, all the JS/CSS/HTML changes are reflected instantaneously without refreshing the page. Preserve application state even when you update something in the underlying code!

### Next generation JavaScript

With the ES6 syntax, you can use template strings, object destructuring, arrow functions, JSX syntax and more.

### Next generation CSS

Write composable CSS that's co-located with your components for complete modularity. Unique generated class names keep the specificity low while eliminating style clashes. Ship only the styles that are on the page for the best performance.

### Standard routing creation

It's natural to want to add pages (e.g. `/contact`) to your application, and routing makes this possible.

### Static code analysis

Focus on writing new features without worrying about formatting or code quality. With the right editor setup, your code will automatically be formatted and linted as you work.

### Offline-first

The next frontier in performant web apps: availability without a network connection from the instant your users load the app.

---

But don't read too fast... there's more!

- The best test setup: Automatically generation the jest scaffolding test for our component, to have the best code quality and non-breaking changes.
- The fastest fonts: Say goodbye to vacant text.
- Stay fast: Profile your app's performance from the comfort of your command line!
- Catch problems: AppVeyor setup included by default, so your tests get run automatically on Windows and Unix.

- [Node](http://nodejs.org/download/) (version >= 10.0.x)
- [Yarn](https://yarnpkg.com/en/docs/install) (version >= 1.19.x)

### 🚀 Getting Started

---

Make sure you have Node 10.0.0 or above and Yarn 1.19.0 or above installed.

1. Clone the repo using `git clone git@github.com:barthachijuu/FeReactArk.git`
2. Move to the appropriate directory `cd FeReactArk`
3. Install dependencies and check to see it works. It is recommended that you use [Yarn](https://yarnpkg.com/) for deterministic installs, but `npm run setup --project=projectName` will work just as well `yarn setup --project=projectName`
4. At this point, you can launch `yarn start` and navigate on `http://localhost:4200` to see the project started

Now you're ready to enjoy with your new project

> Please note that this boilerplate is **not meant for beginners**! If you're just starting out with react or redux, please refer to <https://github.com/petehunt/react-howto> instead. If you want a solid, battle-tested base to build your next product upon and have some experience with react, this is the perfect start for you.

### 📚 Documentation

---

- [**Let's Kickstart with `FeReactArk`**](docs/general/kickstart.md): An introduction guide for noobies, to this boilerplate.
- [Overview](docs/general): A short overview of the included tools
- [**Commands**](docs/general/commands.md): Getting the most out of this boilerplate
- [Testing](docs/testing): How to work with the built-in test harness
- [Styling](docs/css): How to work with the CSS tooling
- [Your app](docs/js): Supercharging your app with Routing, Redux, simple asynchronicity helpers, etc.
- [**Troubleshooting**](docs/general/gotchas.md): Solutions to common problems faced by developers.

## 🎁 Support: Donate

> This project is **free**, **open source** and I try to provide excellent **free support**. Why donate? I work on this and other project for several hours in my spare time between my job and my lovely family, and try to keep it up to date and working. **THANK YOU!**

[![](https://img.shields.io/badge/donate-paypal-005EA6.svg?logo=paypal)](https://www.paypal.me/barthachijuu) [![](https://img.shields.io/badge/donate-patreon-F87668.svg?logo=patreon)](https://www.patreon.com/barthachijuu)  [![](https://img.shields.io/badge/donate-ko--fi-29abe0.svg?logo=ko-fi)](https://ko-fi.com/barthachijuu)

## 👑 Sponsors

Support this project by becoming a sponsor. 🙏 Become a sponsor on [patreon](https://www.patreon.com/join/barthachijuu) or become top3 sponsor on [ko-fi](https://ko-fi.com/barthachijuu). Your logo will show up here with a link to your website.

## 👔 Backers

Thank you to all our backers! 🙏 Become a backer on [patreon](https://www.patreon.com/join/barthachijuu).

## Contributors ✨

Thanks goes to these wonderful people ([emoji key](https://allcontributors.org/docs/en/emoji-key)):

<!-- ALL-CONTRIBUTORS-LIST:START - Do not remove or modify this section -->
<!-- prettier-ignore -->
<table><tr><td align="center"><a href="http://about.me/bartolo_amico"><img src="https://avatars3.githubusercontent.com/u/1281894?v=4" width="100px;" alt="Bartolo Amico"/><br /><sub><b>Bartolo Amico</b></sub></a><br /><a href="https://github.com/barthachijuu/FeReactArk/commits?author=barthachijuu" title="Code">💻</a> <a href="#content-barthachijuu" title="Content">🖋</a> <a href="https://github.com/barthachijuu/FeReactArk/commits?author=barthachijuu" title="Documentation">📖</a> <a href="#ideas-barthachijuu" title="Ideas, Planning, & Feedback">🤔</a> <a href="#infra-barthachijuu" title="Infrastructure (Hosting, Build-Tools, etc)">🚇</a> <a href="#maintenance-barthachijuu" title="Maintenance">🚧</a> <a href="#plugin-barthachijuu" title="Plugin/utility libraries">🔌</a> <a href="#projectManagement-barthachijuu" title="Project Management">📆</a></td><td align="center"><a href="https://github.com/gbonumore"><img src="https://avatars2.githubusercontent.com/u/34310821?v=4" width="100px;" alt="gbonumore"/><br /><sub><b>gbonumore</b></sub></a><br /><a href="https://github.com/barthachijuu/FeReactArk/commits?author=gbonumore" title="Code">💻</a> <a href="#content-gbonumore" title="Content">🖋</a> <a href="#design-gbonumore" title="Design">🎨</a> <a href="https://github.com/barthachijuu/FeReactArk/commits?author=gbonumore" title="Documentation">📖</a></td></tr></table>

<!-- ALL-CONTRIBUTORS-LIST:END -->

This project follows the [all-contributors](https://github.com/all-contributors/all-contributors) specification. Contributions of any kind welcome!

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT license, Copyright (©) 2019 Bartolomeo Amico. For more information see `LICENSE.md`
